<!--
authors:
  - its (@itsgoingd)
tags:
  - clockwork
  - release
perex: "**Showing where exactly was a database query called** was requested on GitHub and something I wanted to do for the longest time. A recently released package [Laravel Query Tracer](https://github.com/fitztrev/query-tracer) adds this information into the query itself, which is a cool solution, but also a huge hack. I thought we could do better, so I've added native support to Clockwork."
-->

# Clockwork 1.12 and Chrome 1.6 released!

**Showing where exactly was a database query called** was requested on GitHub and something I wanted to do for the longest time. A recently released package [Laravel Query Tracer](https://github.com/fitztrev/query-tracer) adds this information into the query itself, which is a cool solution, but also a huge hack. I thought we could do better, so I've added native support to Clockwork.

While working on this, I've **added collecting caller for log messages as well**, which was also requested on GitHub, and **collecting of model class name** associated with each query. You can click on the file or model name to get a full path or FQCN.

This feature required support in the extension as well, so after a long time I've got to release a new Clockwork Chrome version. I've used this opportunity to update third party dependencies, cleanup some code and fix a few bugs, including a huge performance improvement when logging large objects like Eloquent collections in Laravel.

Most notable changes:

- added collecting of caller file name and line number for queries and model name for ORM queries (Laravel 4.2+)
- added collecting of context, caller file name and line number to the logger
- improved the "pretty jason" component to lazy-render objects improving UI performance when logging large objects like Eloquent collections

Read [full changelog](/clockwork/changelog).
